today we are going to learn some new
opposite words let's start with the
words near and far when something is
close to us we say that it is near but
when something is very distant away from
us we say that it is far near and far
are opposite words what happened that
road is so narrow that the cars can't
pass narrow but look at this road it is
broad the cars can pass easily so don't
forget that narrow and broad are two
opposite words this is a dwarf he is
short in stature but look at this giant
he is big in stature look at them the
dwarf and the giant are very different
dwarf and giant are two opposite words
so many numbers they are in ascending
order ascend from the lowest to the
highest
these numbers are in descending order
descend from the highest to the lowest
descend and ascend are opposite words
there are many many numbers oops someone
destroyed them destroy now it is time to
build what was destroyed build don't
forget build and destroy are two
opposite words clever and foolish are
two opposite words look Nikko is being
foolish because he is doing something
without thinking about the consequences
he is doing something that will not end
well oops
foolish look at Miko she is being clever
she thought about the consequences hi
Miko and Miko king and queen are
opposite to each other
Miko is the king and the opposite of
King is the Queen Miko is the Queen the
king and the Queen are two opposite
words but they complete each other
now we're going to learn about what is
old and what is young these are two
opposite words when someone is living
for a few years
that person is young when someone has
been living for many many years that
person is old young and old two opposite
words the man and the woman they are
opposite to each other this is a man and
this is a woman two opposite words man
and woman the pointers of a clock move
from left to right so when something is
moving in that direction it is called
clockwise when something is not moving
in that direction it is called anti
clockwise clockwise and anti-clockwise
two opposite words good bye see you in
the next video